Leverging Vector Embeddings

Leveraging Vector Embeddings

Thinking about my workplace, I work almost exclusively with client data, and I get to see every aspect of the database. I currently work at a non-profit mental health company, and we deal with tons of people who have a wide range of DSM-5 Diagnoses. Since the company is a non-profit organization and is constantly trying to make improvements so that our clients can work with their diagnosis and fit back into society; I have thought about the potential to group clients together base off their primary and secondary diagnosis, paired with their clinical service documents and staff member memos to figure out the shortest and most effective treatment sequence for the diagnosis. 
With that being said, the mental health care industry is a very tricky thing to bring such technologies into. The consensus at my company is that they fear predictive algorithms and the introduction of new technology for a couple reasons. The biggest concern I have heard is model and data does not always necessarily reflect exactly what the client needs in that moment. The dashboard that would host the predicted steps for treatment couldn’t reflect the client’s full picture, and what they are going through on a day-to-day basis. There are companies that are able to take advantage of your demographic information and similar life experiences and match you with the best mental healthcare provider but, that is optional service provided by a third-party company (Matthews, 2023). There are lots of factors and data points that we can’t collect in house because clients are able to opt out of demographic information and other key components of clustering which, is HIPPA mandated to allow people to opt out. I would love to introduce a model like this at my workplace however there are to many missing key factors to make the most accurate model possible. 

References
Matthews, E. (2023, March 29). How Data-Driven Provider Matching Helps Members Get Better Faster. Spring Health. https://www.springhealth.com/blog/how-data-driven-provider-matching-helps-members-get-better-faster
